---
title: IT week 11
layout: post
author: rory.davies
permalink: /it-week-11/
source-id: 1wOtVNp_VHxJyF-r1NA1txmLaiZuG0nLhs4WXS4foHbY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>IT week 11</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>29/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>P64 in the FUZE booklet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have competed a light circuit </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes me and partner were able able to get 2 different types of circuit working</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson I finally had my own partner billy which was a real help.We found that reading out the code to our other partner was very helpfully as they didn't have to keep looking down at the page. We also found that using the picture and information in the booklet really help because if you can't see what's what on the picture there will be a small section that helps clarify what we don’t know.I also got out the right components for the next section before which saved a lot of time.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson we worked very effectively but we probably could have improved the time it took to pack away as I had to put my chair away this really delayed our time. But we could have also had one person start on the code while the other starts to set up the lights, this would have really saved time if we did this.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>If next lesson is the same as today's I will be extremely happy with that, but we could change for next lesson our handling with the lights as we need to make sure they are completely in. Which we needed to improve on in my mind.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


