---
title: It week 2
layout: post
author: rory.davies
permalink: /copy-of-using-github/
source-id: 1ujAWMADzcfaCSACimGUsWzTTliCKRoyu0bvB3gl-uW4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>It week 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>After plugging in the fuze boxes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Have moved on in the Fuze booklet </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes i was successful in moving on through the Fuze booklet </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>You need to be very accurate with reading from the booklet as there are many small and easily missable steps that will hinder the programming dramatically or to complete stop/error in coding. Another useful strategy was one of us(me and my partner) reading from the booklet while the over starts coding this works very effectively because me or my partner don't need to keep looking at the booklet and can get straight on with coding.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I believe that i have improved from last week as i moved a lot further in the booklet compared to the previous weeks. I will work on with my partner organising my memory stick files and names to make them easily identifiable so i know exactly which exercise is under which file name.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>To improve my learning me and my partner will get more advanced coding and challenge are  selves by adding are complex coding to make it unique and to help my understanding of coding .</td>
  </tr>
</table>


