---
title: IT week 9
layout: post
author: rory.davies
permalink: /it-week-9/
source-id: 1MWRdDzitQHHTfGvQNJh5JpgzqLgQYv5oL8iiwVOpsN0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>It week 9</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Carrying on in the booklet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a moved on to working on to the lights</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes I was successful </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>well due to my partner being at football I had to really get down and work hard. As I didn't have a partner reading out the codes I decided to put it on a mount which was perfect as it wasn't in the way of the screen but easy to read. Another strategy was once you had finished one piece of coding the next one was an advanced version of it so I saved the that piece and copied it and then added on the more elaborate code after.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Well today one obvious reason that limited my learning was not having a partner but there were still other reasons such as having to resize my screen which at the beginning of the lesson I didn't know how to do but luckily Mr Keen was a able to help me. I also think that I needed to set my target right at the beginning of the lesson compared to the middle.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In the next lesson I will make sure to that I set my target straight away and should try and make a different type of target in the future. I will in next lesson be able to resize my screen which I now feel confident in doing. Next lesson I will hopefully have a partner so we will be able to speed up and with a partner we will be able to multi task in a way while one of us is writing out our target bathe other will be able to carry on coding.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


