---
title: It week 6
layout: post
author: rory.davies
permalink: /it-week-6/
source-id: 1IoohduRUUuwT-zR6_4FLKM12lrZ3AV4irQ5jBw9xM4g
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>It Week 6</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>11/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>The place in the booklet we got to last</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>See How HVTAB is useful  (allows us to position the text cursor anywhere on the screen 0,0 is top left)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> yes i was able to see how to use and know what HVTAB is used for and how to use it</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I found that for words you found struggling there is a margin that usually contains the words meaning but not how to change it i found out that 0,0 is top left so if change the first 0 it will change the along the side and the other 0 will change it length ways. We used this in space invaders task and we were able to change its position on screen from using this.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I believe compared to the previous weeks this was one of our most successful as me and my partner drastically improved as we were able to catch up with the group next to us who started 6 pages before and were able to down grade it to just a 1 page difference between us.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time i'll try and stick to the pros that we did today and use them in the following lessons to really boost our learning and capability. But if there is a con we can take away from this lesson i believe it would most likely be not skim reading which i think would save a lot of time and still be able to identify the same things.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


