---
title: It week 1
layout: post
author: rory.davies
permalink: /it-week-1/
source-id: 1zYR4ldKvGWgUNb0Sc8S2BpMEidCRoerZnwUrg8uv2q8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Getting Started</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>06/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Setting Up the Computer</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Being able to set up Fuze</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes i was successful with my target </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today I learnt what a terminal window was and how to set up Fuze correctly. I learnt this by looking into the Fuze booklet and was able to successfully open a terminal window.I needed to know this to help me follow and fully understand the instructions.While i was setting up the fuze i saw how many different ports there were and how i can fully set it up in further lesson and will be able to easily start coding with my partner.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I believe that i need to work on getting right into my work and settling down straight away and getting into the right mindset.I also need to be fully aware of the instructions being told by the teachers as they could be giving key information that will be need to not only benefit my work but also me.
  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time to benefit me i will settle straight down and await further instructions from the teacher.I will also on command start setting up my fuze or the software we will use in the lesson to be able to start as soon as possible without any delay. I believe if i do this i will really maximize my learning to the best of my ability</td>
  </tr>
</table>


