---
title: IT Week 10
layout: post
author: rory.davies
permalink: /it-week-10/
source-id: 1xv6ZbE2wZ9U0uUbrmH1aoQly1lP-_rIE0U2Nk9pg-jU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>IT week 10</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>22/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Page 63 on Project lights</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have been able to successfully turn on the lights</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes I was able to have a fully functioning light that turned on at command </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson it was all about getting everything exactly right as during today's lesson I was stuck for a while as I had one wire in the wrong space. I found that looking at all the guides and picture were extremely helpful as they showed a clear image and even included ways to help your understand it. I also found that asking others was very beneficial as they were able to clear up a query I had.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Like last week's lesson my partner was away so I opted to go in a 3 which I think was an error as they were very distracting and didn't help put forward any interest into doing the work this left a lot of pressure as I was essentially working on my own for the lesson with two very distracting people next to me</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will hopefully have my partner back but as I found out last time luck isn't always on my side. So in next weeks lesson I will continue to use the pictures as helpfully advise. I will make sure to if it happens again find a more sensible group to work with as the group today weren't the best.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


