---
title: It week 3
layout: post
author: rory.davies
permalink: /it-undesrtanding-fuze/
source-id: 1rIcr4IOMa71fKPc6WYUgXNvDD2o2DOeWrr0DboW19Dw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Understanding the basics</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>21/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Start coding with the book</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Understanding the basics</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes i was successful with my target </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We started off by learning the types off instructions we could find throughout the booklet and started to enter and save them onto our memory sticks so we can access them even if our partner is away . The strategies I used we're look in the margin were some tips which I used to help.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that I could improve on getting straight into the next task instead of hanging around and having a little pause so next I will need to improve on this to help speed up my learning . I could also possibly scan read to save time so I will have more time to do some of the coding and overall improve my work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In the next lesson I will change the amount of time I spend setting up and tidying up the fuze this will help in again just giving me more time to get down to business with my partner . I could also change getting my equipment over to my over desk with the fuze.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


