---
title: IT week 12
layout: post
author: rory.davies
permalink: /it-week-12/
source-id: 1hPkJetKPoYQo9z-OaOFt_sJHoi0QJSsVZStgCXHE5Bs
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>IT week 12</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>06/12/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>p70 in the FUZE booklet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a moved on further in the booklet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes we successfully moved on about 10 pages</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson I felt the main strategy was in fact just concentration as we really need to get close to finishing the booklet as today was our penultimate lesson we really wanted to be close to getting onto the robot arm as we really wanted to give that ago, but hopefully we can get onto it next week if we keep up our concentration.I also found that even though I say it most weeks reading things out to your partner really help as it saved loads of valuable time.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As I can remember there is only one thing that as a whole we could improve on and that is keeping calm as many times are fuze box kept glitching for a while but we were able to fix and then had to swap it with another group as their fuze box didn't work with the robot arm. We also needed to keep calm when we couldn't find a light resistor thing in any of the kits but luckily someone was very nice to lend us one.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time we will have change by hopefully taking on the robot arm. We will also remember to not worry if we don't have one of the pieces of equipment. But we will again have to make sure we keep everything working as hard as we did last time which could be quite hard.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


