---
title: It week 8
layout: post
author: rory.davies
permalink: /it-week-8/
source-id: 1F7uf6TEueHa-AyKGPWaJU3gn3-XV3Xad1U4NZzCsrlk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Making a blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>16/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Mr keen showcasing some blogs </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have improved our blog</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes I was able to make some changes such as a better colour contrast </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson I found the most effective strategy was to listen and soak in all the information about the pros and cons of the others blogs and alter them to fit into my own blog. This was effective as able to see some of the problems in my blog which I was able to alter. Another effective strategy was to to see all of the new things others were doing and I was therefore able to possibly include something like that in my own blog.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson I believe that I used my time well and to its full capability as i was able to make a alterations to my blog in the time period we were given. The only problem I faced that the Github page had an issue where basically we had been locked out at someone had forgotten their password which was a slight annoyance but I worked around</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In the next lesson which will hopefully be fuze I pay full attention while the teacher is speaking this is an event that will really aid in future work as what he is saying could contain key information that will really benefit me. I will also keep editing my blog each week to create a fully functioning ,nice looking blog.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


