---
title: Week 8
layout: post
author: rory.davies
permalink: /week-8/
source-id: 1_o8RRaoJqHudyfdupuQcjWBQgHQgqLlAp6gxIm7kuqo
published: true
---
Explanation:

In today's lesson we continued to work on our games were i decided to and colour and sort out the coding for awarding the points to the player. This took a large amount of time to do as it was very difficult to make the ball bounce off certain parts but give you points if the ball lands in another part. I decided to put a smaller invisible circle in the center as the point allocator and have the original larger circle on the outside as the bouncer. This meant that points can only be allocated if the ball lands in the center of the circle.

The code with the ball is that if touches circle 1 then award player X amounts of points. Another one of the hardest parts was making sure that the ball would only follow the first person's click and not all of them this meant that the person couldn't just spam click and the ball would always follow their movement.

What I learnt?

The main challenge as I said before was with the balls when connecting with the holes this was an issue which resulted in me using a lot of my own time to solve. I ultimately need to make sure that I dedicate a lot of time towards the harder advanced pieces of code.

Next time?

Next time I will make sure that i dedicated a lot more time towards the advancement of code and the ball physics like the bounce as at first the balls bounce was very challenging to get right as well as the curve and spin that would affect the ball. Another issue with the ball was the ball's speed as this at first could prove to be very inconsistent at certain times.

